welcome to thriller recapped and today i will
show you a british psychological thriller
film called exam spoilers ahead watch out
and take care around the year 2050 most of
the population of earth is infected with a
harmful contagious disease to fight the problem
a pharmaceutical company called dataprev is
working on finding a cure for the disease
in britain eight mandatory candidates dress
for what appears to be an employment assessment
exam the group enter a room and sit at individual
desks each desk has a paper printed with a
word candidate and a number from one to eight
the invigilator enters the exam room he lets
the group know that many people has tried
this employment exam before and failed and
he states that the person who clears the exam
will be given an employment letter and those
who fail will be given the bus ticket for
home he then explains that the exam is 80
minutes and consists of only one question
but there are three important rules the candidates
must not talk to him or the armed guard at
the door must not spoil their paper and may
not leave the room if they do they will be
disqualified the invigilator asks them if
they have any questions then leaves as the
exam starts all the candidates tries to look
for the question however it turns out that
the papers are otherwise blank within minutes
an asian candidate gets upset and she starts
writing on paper that she deserves better
breaking the rule of exam by spoiling paper
and she is disqualified maybe she didn't deserve
better after her rejection the seven remaining
candidates starts exploring things and trying
to find loopholes in the exam structure since
they couldn't find the question after a moment
of thinking they realize that it is permissible
to talk to each other and to collaborate as
well then one very usual unexpected thing
happens one candidate white assigns nicknames
to each candidate based on hair color and
skin color one guy is named black based on
his skin color another girl is called blonde
indian guy is called gandhi the guy gets upset
and he says he prefers himself called brown
instead and so on a girl is named brunette
and dark she gets upset and says it's not
nice of him to be racist in exam but white
says that since they're not allowed to share
the real names this is the best way and they
all agree lastly the silent and very detached
guy not talking to the group is named f in
the hour that follows they figure out that
it's not about the answer it's about the question
white says they need to help each other as
a team brown says why should i help you we
are in competition white says in order to
establish the question they need us to work
together we need observation teamwork dark
says we are put in a stress situation to bring
out the worse in us black says maybe to bring
out best of us then they all agree to work
together later they figure out that question
maybe be hidden in the paper and they need
to decipher it black says it can be a watermark
brunette says it can be hidden ink brown says
there might be different questions to all
of them and they are not meant to cooperate
black disagrees and says there might be one
question in among all the papers so they need
to work together continuing black says the
question might be hidden and will be only
visible if required lights are used so white
decides to break the bulbs one by one with
a chair thinking ultraviolet lights will be
turned on revealing the question it seems
they're right about the light but the question
is still not revealed and they fail however
they realize that room might have a lot of
other hidden ways to reveal the question dark
sees that there is more light under the blue
light so they decide to break it as well since
black thinks that the infrared light behind
the bulbs can reveal the text later after
breaking the lighting they're still not able
to figure out anything at this point we can
say that they're losing patience and they
are running out of time white recalls what
invigilator said that they're not allowed
to spoil their paper but they might be allowed
to spoil other person's paper so they take
the paper of asian girl who is already disqualified
and white starts using the pencil on it the
trace and reveal the question but they fail
again white thinks it might be revealed if
they use some sort of liquid on it so white
goes in the corner and he decides to take
a piece on the paper everyone is disgusted
and he fails to shockingly they hear def uttering
something they go to him and realize he is
speaking french dark is the only one who can
understand french she tries to talk to him
and he says to see clearly is all needed white
makes fun of him however brown says that it's
strange that they all are brought here and
all of them come from a different ethnic background
and he states that it might be an experiment
or a game and they're betting on them later
they speculate on the exam's purpose and the
nature of the company whose identity is shrouded
in mystery dark claims that the ceo is highly
secretive and has not been seen since the
pandemic it is gradually revealed that the
company is responsible for a miracle drug
designed to treat a condition afflicting a
large part of the population due to a viral
pandemic black says the company has found
the cure and the person who gets the job will
get the cure as well making him live for 80
years at least as the test is 80 minutes upon
hearing that burnett says that her husband
is infected from the pandemic and he will
die if he won't get the cure black says we
are in this together she says she don't need
his help later she goes to the guard and puts
his hand as pocket then she shows them the
finger checking another pocket of guard she
takes a lighter out upon seeing only the lighter
coming out of the pocket white is disappointed
but black says heat might have an effect on
the paper if it is chemically treated vernette
says if they're chemically treated then in
the water sprinkling pipes they might have
replaced water with a chemical and that way
they can decipher the text on the paper using
the developing fluid in the pipes so they
start preparing for an attempt to decipher
the paper everyone hides their paper in order
not to spoil it meanwhile we see deaf strangely
going next to the clock and touching it there
is a chaos in the room later we see brunette
tries to turn on the fire alarm white says
he will help her and he brings a paper and
burns it to start the fire alarm finally the
fire alarm goes off they all get excited however
they find out that it's just water in the
pipes not any special liquid after the chaos
they find out that white used brunettes paper
to turn the alarms on the guard approaches
her everyone is shocked and in pain and we
see brunette getting disqualified all the
candidates except white seems upset and black
is raging out he then asks him why did he
do this which white replies there was no other
choice black says then i should punch the
lights out of you and the room light turns
off this makes brown think that the room is
also voice controlled then he says lights
on and normal lights are back blonde tells
them to be careful of what they say from now
later we see dev crying out of seeing everything
we can say that he is having a nervous breakdown
white goes to him and asks him if he's hungry
by saying i'm hungry and angry upon hearing
no reply from death white gets irritated and
starts emotionally torturing him also makes
him tear and eat the paper then we see guard
approaching to death and throwing him out
poor guy drops his glasses as the door closes
white starts smiling and he says now only
five of us are left at this point we can say
that upon given slightest pressure humans
can overpass animals when it comes to their
own survival black disappointedly says that
aren't you the one who asked all of us to
cooperate and work in team earlier which white
replies that he lied and they shouldn't trust
him black says that they won't help him anymore
which white replies that he has figure out
the question and he is not going to share
it with them black has it all by now and he
knocks down white with a superman punch blonde
says we may need him however black replies
by saying he is an enemy of the group in a
distraction black then goes towards white
and lifts him he also asks for help to brown
then they both tie him down on the chair
as white may death eat the paper black takes
the socks out of white's feet and puts it
in his mouth by saying this is karma and justice
being served dark says you could have done
more then black says that they should kick
him out of the door brown asks him if he believes
in forgiveness black replies that he will
forgive him but after the exam blonde stops
them and reminds them the rule of individualator
that they cannot go outside the room or they'll
be disqualified to so black stops but he's
still not done with him so he takes a pencil
and tries to make him spoil the paper then
white wakes up and he tries to say something
black gives him a batman slap and says shut
up later dark takes the socks out of his mouth
white says that he needs medication he takes
a pill every hour black says only one condition
is treated that way by saying white is infected
with the virus white begs that he need pills
urgently or he will not survive to see the
next day black says only if he will tell them
the question then black checks his both the
pockets but finds nothing dark says that this
is a pathetic trick and white might be a spy
planted by the company to make them fight
with one another brown says or you are the
spy by saying white is not smart enough to
be a seed but dark is she is studying psychology
and reverse psychology brown says he is a
famous gambler and he has studied it as well
stops them by saying any one of us can be
seed and we have to trust each other in order
to survive the test brown says see the thing
is trust has to be earned sister and ties
dark with his belt to the chair later then
he starts interrogating her brown asks her
to tell us the truth dark replies she can't
say anything because she don't know anything
and that she worked for hr not with the ceo's
office brown is not buying it and he goes
to the table and brings a paper he then says
that a delicate thing like paper can make
a big wound if used properly then he tells
blonde that's how they used to interrogate
people in special forces he lifts the skirt
of dark and finds scar of soft injury then
he makes fun by saying she might have daddy
issues and makes a new cut black says that's
enough and he goes to help dark but brown
gives him a punch instead and warns everyone
not to interfere he then removes the glasses
of dark and says eyes are the most delicate
as well dark is screaming that she told everything
she knows at this point brown realizes that
she is saying the truth blonde goes to dark
and gives her a bandage by saying it's okay
later we see white having seizure everyone
goes to him blonde says that we need to get
him pills black says he lost his wife like
this and they need to hurry blonde says if
they can't trust each other then they need
to search each other then black starts searching
brown and dark starts searching blonde and
so on however they found nothing dark notices
that brown is not having his gum anymore she
goes to his table and finds the pill stick
to it she grabs the pill and goes to white
brown stops her by saying let's think about
this again black stops him and says we are
saving his life and brown pushes him making
the pill go in the drainage black couldn't
get it out so blonde takes her hairpin and
she tries to grab the pill we see white's
condition worsening dark tells the camera
that can't you see he is dying she breaks
the rule the guard comes and throws her out
everyone is shocked blonde gets the pill and
she gets it to white black goes to him and
white says hey losers making them relive that
he's alive white makes fun of them by saying
they haven't figured out the question yet
and few minutes are left brown asks him to
fulfill the promise of pill and now it's his
turn to give them the question white finally
reveals that there is no question and we need
to eliminate each other in order to win white
then tells black that he's weak and they both
look at the gun in guard's holster they both
run towards the guard to take the gun black
overpowers him and takes the gun from holster
brown and blonde try to calm him down however
white provokes him and says that black is
weak and he won't shoot at him then white
starts walking towards black making him press
the trigger but the gun won't fire upon seeing
opportunity white attacks black and stabs
him with a pencil like john wick and takes
his gun then white realizes that gun has a
fingerprint lock on it so he goes to the guard
and points the gun at brown asking him to
leave or he will be dead brown surrenders
and walks towards the door later white points
the gun at black by saying he will take care
of him in the end then he asks blonde to leave
the room or she will be dead as well she goes
to the door we see blonde standing at the
door while white points at her she says lights
out and lights go off in order to give an
opportunity for black to overpower white however
white fire multiple rounds shooting black
in the chest black sees the wound and he falls
to the ground we see blonde hiding near the
door white notices it and goes towards her
to shoot her at the same time the timer goes
to zero upon seeing that white steps back
blonde takes a deep breath and she sees the
glasses of death and she remembers what he
said to them white is unrest and he tells
the camera that where is my employment letter
however we see guard approaching him and showing
the real time that there are still few seconds
left white recalls that during the chaos def
went next to the clock and pressed a button
to make it fast white cannot process that
he lost and he looks at black dead on the
floor he has remorse and tries to shoot himself
but gun is locked and the guard throws him
out blonde garbs a piece of broken glass and
glasses of death then she goes and gets the
paper she put the glasses on the broken glass
on one another and now she can see the text
she sees question one written on the paper
everything makes sense to her now we see def
entering the room she goes towards him with
the paper and gives him his glasses and she
says the answer is no recalling how the invigilator
asked them in the beginning if they have any
questions and the answer was no the invigilator
says you're hired now but she says i don't
want the job that is based on other people's
dead bodies invigilator points towards black
and says is he dead she goes to him and finds
out the wound is healing she is shocked to
see it healing then invigilator explains it
to her that when they were trying to find
the cure for the virus they accidentally discovered
a formula to manipulate dna and make wounds
heal drastically further he says that they
need someone trustworthy to find the cure
and help people we see black coming back to
life then he grabs the cross and makes a prayer
def asks her to join the company then we see
her accepting to work with them and the movie
ends hope you liked it like and subscribe
and let me know in the comments about the
move